feat: automatically create account for undeposited sender (#710)
nervosnetwork/godwoken: docs/RPC.md

* params:
    * `raw_l2tx`: [`SerializedRawL2Transaction`](#type-serializedmoleculeschema) - Serialized Raw L2 Transaction
    * `block_number`(optional): [`Uint64`](#type-uint64) - block number, default is tip

>     * `registry_address`(optional): [`SerializedRegistryAddress`](#type-serializedregistryaddress) - Serialized registry address, **required for polyjuice tx from id zero**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `registry_address`(optional): [`SerializedRegistryAddress`](#type-serializedregistryaddress) - Serialized registry address, **required when the `from_id` of a Polyjuice transaction is 0.**
```

### Method `gw_submit_l2transaction`
* params:
    * `l2tx`: [`SerializedL2Transaction`](#type-serializdmoleculeschema) - L2 transaction
* result: [`H256`](#type-h256) `|` `null`

Submit layer2 transaction. This RPC may has rate limit.

> For polyjuice tx from id zero, this RPC returns `null` because its from id will be updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `from_id` of a Polyjuice transaction is 0, this RPC returns `null` because the transaction `from_id` will be updated.
```

### Method `gw_submit_l2transaction`
* params:
    * `l2tx`: [`SerializedL2Transaction`](#type-serializdmoleculeschema) - L2 transaction
* result: [`H256`](#type-h256) `|` `null`

Submit layer2 transaction. This RPC may has rate limit.

When the `from_id` of a Polyjuice transaction is 0, this RPC returns `null` because the transaction `from id` will be updated

> before package. To query in queue status of transation with `from_id` is 0, use transaction's signature hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `from_id` of a Polyjuice transaction is 0, this RPC returns `null` because the transaction
`from_id` will be updated before packing. To query the status of a pending transaction with `from_id = 0`,
please use the hash of the transaction signature as parameter.
```
